My favorite project that I have worked on is on Kraken 3.0, an Autonomous Underwater Vehicle that was built by a team of 15 students. The project was very challenging due to the increased difficulties of image processing when under water.

I read a lot about the quality of engineering and the work culture instilled at Palantir aligns well with my aspirations. I would really hope to be able to come to work every day to a place where I knew not only are my technical skills valuable, but my personal philosophies are as well.

Dear sir or madam,

I’ve completed one Engineering internship, and was offered a full-time position by the company’s VP for my addiction to getting the work done. I am devoted to the ﬁeld of Computer Science and have been exploring several ﬁelds over the last couple of years. Recently, I’ve narrowed down my research interests to Natural Language Processing (NLP), Image Processing (IP) and Machine Learning (ML). I am proﬁcient with several front-end and back-end technologies, and open to work on either end of the spectrum. I have expanded my rhetorical skills greatly over the past years thanks to a fair level of public speaking during my internship and my tenure as a governor at my college’s literary society.

I am a conscientious person who believes in hard work and attention to detail. I thoroughly enjoy working with a team, as it helps expand my thinking capabilities and ideas. I’m ﬂexible and usually quick to pick up new skills. Thanks to the brilliant work culture currently instilled at Palantir, I believe I will be able to work at maximum eﬃciency and make more than satisfactory contributions to the project(s) allotted.

I look forward to speaking with you in further detail about the internship and opportunity with Palantir. I hope I’ll get the chance to show you more of my abilities once I join your team.





I read a lot about the quality of engineering and the work culture instilled at Uber, and they align well with my aspirations. I would really hope to be able to come to work every day to a place where I knew not only are my technical skills valuable, but my personal philosophies are as well.

I am a conscientious person who believes in hard work and attention to detail. I thoroughly enjoy working with a team, as it helps expand my thinking capabilities and ideas. I’m ﬂexible and usually quick to pick up new skills. Thanks to the brilliant work culture currently instilled at Uber, I believe I will be able to work at maximum eﬃciency and make more than satisfactory contributions to the project(s) allotted.

I am a conscientious person who believes in hard work and attention to detail. I thoroughly enjoy working with a team and am usually quick to pick up new skills. Thanks to the brilliant work culture currently instilled at Uber, I believe I will be able to work at maximum eﬃciency and make more than satisfactory contributions. I would really hope to be able to come to work every day to a place where I knew not only are my technical skills valuable, but my personal philosophies are as well.